Correct the threshold value in truncation of SVD (#1815)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/1815.md

> Fixed the incorrect threshold value for truncation in SVD, added assertions to check the resulting matrix size and value from SVD-update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the threshold value for truncation in SVD for IQN-IMVJ using SVD-restart.
```
